---
layout: post
title: Starting a blog... In the beginning, there was a Dirtch
---

They say writing a blog is a good thing. They also say it is easy to do... I'd like to challenge that. In the end, it just reinforces what I feel about not wanting to be a web developer for the time being. I looked into web design early on in my scripting and programming education, but it was never something I found a use for. I still feel this way, but will get into that later I'm sure.

I have been a tinkerer on computers since I was in my early teens. I fall under the realm of looking up how to customize user pages on different websites, like special effects and backgrounds on MySpace. Going into high school, I looked for specialized programs that would help me with expand on this hobby. I was more just a gamer at this point, but was excited to have the chance at getting school credit for doing things on a computer. The program I got accepted into was new, but gave me huge exporsure into the realm of what was possible. I had the chance at taking a web development course as well as a visual basic course. Web sites never went anywhere, but programming I ran with. Hello World and making a calculator did not seem enough for me as I started to learn. I am and have always been a gamer, and what fun is programming if you aren't doing what you love. So my first "app" I full programmed would be Pong and a 2D fighter. Not neither of them were very flushed out, but as I am thinking back on these, I'm still proud of myself for what I accomplished at that time in my life. It was that first time I saw code that I wrote come to life. My last two years in high school I also began learning about programming. This is a field I have and still are interested, but have not received many opportunities to expland on this learning. With where I now see me going in my career, I feel this knowledge will be an asset, but most likely not my focus going forward.

After a small stint with going to school for music, I began my career in technology. I learned quickly that to suceed in this field, I would be learning new things daily in order to do my job well. While for some people this might seem annoying, for me, this is what makes me enjoy my choice more than anything. If I find myself in a position where I know everything and have nothing new to contribute to, it gets stale. My first job was the only one where I daily spent time dealing with networking. Learning to setup and update networking equipment, being exposed to metro wireless internet as an option, colocation management and setup, as well as beginning to see how scripting can make a job much easier. 

Many of my jobs worked on building my system administration skills, some automation, but mainly a lot of support. One of my more recent positions did expand on some of this more than the various filler positions. I was able to build on my leadership training as well as helping a great deal on the systems administration and some project management. Troubleshooting scripts is probably why I am headed in the direction I am now. I always wanted to expand on programming but had just not buckled down. 

And this is where we catch up to today. I find I am definitely in the group that prefers projects to learn through instead of wrote by just reading about a language. This has led me to quickly jump between a few languages while starting on this path, but also taught me that knowing programming and know a language are two different things. I know about using types, each language just has a slightly different definition for each and ways to use them. I understand basic programming branching and feel at home as soon as I see how a new language deals with it. So far I have touched on Python, Kotlin, Lua and now considering focus on C++ as the next language I will be using for an eventual project.

So where is this headed from here? That is a good question that I don't have a full answer for. I will probably keep a record of what I have done in that past week. Any great resources I find will probably make it into one of these as well. I don't know if it will ever become more than a sounding board for myself or become or evolve into a tool or project to share infomation with others, but for the time being, it will serve its purpose I believe.

So, until next time, take care.